# V1.6 Release Note (Draft)

### New Features

* A new input helper to code editor, it collects words(for English only) from the content in editor as candidates to accelerate your input.
* add PlantUML syntax keywords to input helper.
* add new preference option to toggle the input helper for code editor.
* support markdown in note editor for mind map.


### Improvements

* add default note to new files.
* the performance of pasting long text to code editor.
* optimize quick insert from markdown toolbar.
* better text selection after quick inserting from toolbar or shortcuts in code editor.
* add horizontal rule button to markdown toolbar for quick inserting.
* show image resolution in image viewer.
* add Open menu item to workspace context menu.
* add context menu for recent files list view.
* use clearable text field for keyword input.


### Bug Fixes

* `Null` is inserted from markdown toolbar `Link` button in some cases.
* exception when close all tabs with any markdown or plantuml file opened but never loaded. 
* exception when click on error of status bar when a syntax error exists for plantuml. 
* wrong behavior when quick inserting markdown code quote while no text selection in code editor. 
* remove build option `jdk.gtk.version` since the JavaFX 21 does no longer support GTK 2. 
* exception when close all tabs with markdown or plantuml file opened but never loaded. 

### Dependencies Update

* Update JavaFX to 21 and other dependencies includes plantuml, slf4j etc.
* Bundled JRE update to 21.0.1


---
> Created at 2023-12-02 21:02:48
