# v1.12 Release Note 

### New Features

* Gen-AI: 
	* Let user change the prompt for generating summary just before starting.
	* Add support to the Moonshot LLM API. 

* PlantUML: 
	* Automatically switch PlantUML preview page when caret moves to other code blocks, the funtionality can be toggled from editor's context menu.
	* Support CSS style and C4 Model diagram by code snippets.
	* Add some new groups of sprites (Tupadr3) snippets, including devicons, font-awesome , material, govicons, weather.
	* A special multi-level outline annotation format is introduced to the PlantUML editor. By using this format in the comment, the specified content can be displayed in the outline item. The number of `*` indicates the level, for example: `' *foobar*` indicates the first-level title and `' **foobar**` indicates the second-level title.
	* Add new toolbar to PlantUML editor to insert `diagram`, `entity`, `actor`, `rectangle`, outline annotation, line comment and block comment.  

* Implemented syntax highlighting in the quote paragraph of Markdown, like inline code, bold text, etc.

* Monitoring directories in workspace and update workspace when changes occur externally.

* New functionality to rename the active collection.   

### Improvements

* Snippet
	* Show a tooltip for snippet with description and code,  meanwhile the suspending time is much longer.
	* Add description to custom snippet.
	* Automatically focus on input field or area while the snippet dialog pops up.
	* Display the amount of items in snippet group and update it if filtered by inputting a keyword.
	* Merged some snippet groups of PlantUML.

* Markdown
	* Support GIF in preview view.  
	* When you insert a table using the table button on the Markdown editor toolbar, if text content has been selected at the time, the generated table will automatically split and wrap the selected content. and before table has been inserted, let you choose separator to split paragraphs.
	* Optimize the title auto generation for newly created Markdown file. 
	* Syntax highlighting for horizontal rule.

* PlantUML
	* Syntax highlighting for JSON and YAML in PlantUML. 
	* Add swimlane highlighting for PlantUML.
	* Optimized the width of the blank characters before PlantUML comments to align them with the upper and lower lines of code.
	* Improved PlantUML templates for creating new files. 

* Performance Improvement
	* Optimized application launching performance, now it's much faster.
	* Optimized syntax highlighting performance.
	* Optimized the performance of locating a file in the workspace.  
	* Optimized closable resource handling to improve the stablility of application.
	* Improved performance for many features (Markdown editor auto scroll, code area input helper, load workspace and load file to editor, etc.) 

* Optimize the syntax highlighting colors of Markdown and PlantUML to make them more beautiful and easier to read. 

* Features that add prefix to the head of paragraph respect the blank chars in the beginning, including quick comment in the PlantUML, quick comment, quick bullet list in the Markdown, etc.

* Update models of OpenAI, Genini, Qwen, ChatGLM and Deepseek.

* Change the caret to where user click on code editor before context menu popup.

* Reduce the size of the executable jar file.

### Bug Fixes

* Proxy username and password don't work.

* The domain of huggingface's api is changed.

* The `replace` and `replace all`  features in the note editor of mind map do not work.

* In the mind map, when the root topic is selected or no topic is selected, pressing the arrow keys will incorrectly switch files tab. 

* The `Generate` dialog automatically moves to the end of the file when an editor is opened but has never been clicked

* Incorrect syntax highlighting of the code block and numbered list in Markdown.

* When selecting a collection, the collection should be updated when any of the files in it are missing.

* Case sensitive option is not working correctly when find&replace text in Mind Map. 

* The Copy/Cut/Paste and the find/replace functionalities should not be enabled for the image view editor and the PREVIEW mode of editors with code area. 

* Flawed code snippet and incorrect syntax highlighting for PlantUML.

* Remove deprecated models of Gemini and Qwen.

* Right button double-click on the snippet item inserts snippet code.

* Setting the max output token of custom model does not work well.   

* Replaced nonexistent Moonshot models with `kimi-latest`.

* Unable to launch find/replace, copy/cut/paste with shortcuts in CSV editor.

* Files in recent list display with folder icon if those files are deleted outside Mindolph.

* Cancel `Add URL` dialog in mind map causes the file state to be modified.

### Dependencies

* Update JavaFX to 24.0.2
	* The corresponding minimum JDK version requirement is 22

* Update JDK to 24.0.2

* Update dependencies.

---
> Created at 2025-03-08 16:00:54
