# v1.13 Release Note (Draft)

### New Features

* New, significant feature: AI Agent
	* Build intelligent agents easily based on your own knowledge to enable them to answer more specialized and specific questions.
	* This feature requires a PostgreSQL database (either local or remote, currently only PostgreSQL is supported) with the pgvector extension installed. The knowledge base's vector data will be stored in this database.
	* Configuration steps: Open the preferences dialog, choose the `Gen-AI` tab -> Configure the LLM model APIs in the `Providers` panel-> Configure the postgres database connection in the `Options` panel -> Go to the `Datasets` panel, create a dataset, and choose a language and an embedding model for the dataset -> Select files you want to add to the created dataset -> Click the `Start embedding` button to perform embedding -> After the embedding is done successfully, go to the `Agents` panel, create an agent, choose an embedding model and a chat model for the created agent, select your created datasets that you want to use for the created agent.
	* Usage: Select the Agent tab on the left side panel -> Select an agent from the agent list that you created  previously -> After the selected agent is loaded. Input something about the knowledge from the datasets in the chat box to start a conversation with the agent.

### Improvements

* Added a global option to hide file extensions in the workspace directory tree, the recently opened files list, and the opened file tabs.

* Improved the configuration of the currently used model in Gen-AI, now allowing you to select different models for both content generation and content summary.

* The browser button in Mind Map note dialogs now opens URLs in an external browser by default.

* Improved refreshing performance for preview mode of Markdown and PlantUML. 

* Refactor code editors.   

* Update preset models for Gemini, Qwen, Kimi and ChatGLM.


### Bug Fixes

* Too much files in the collections cause exception.  

* If rename folder/file  fails, the input dialog should pop up again.  

* Error messages from OpenAI are not displayed when generating content in a Mind Map. 

* Redundant onload event handler for exported HTML file from Markdown. 

### Dependencies

* Updated JavaFX to 25.0.2, RichTextFX to 0.11.7, mfx to 3.0.

* Updated bundled JDK to 25.0.2.

* Updated dependencies like langchain4j, plantuml, apache commons, etc. 

* Updated docs for development. 


---
> Created at 2025-09-06 23:26:02
